Important: #95647 - Composer installations and extension usage (#1585)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Services/Developer/Implementing.rst

There are no tools to get you started coding a new service.
However there is not much that needs to be done.

> A service should be packaged into an extension. Read chapter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A service should be packaged into an extension. The chapter
```

> :ref:`Files and locations <extension-files-locations>` about minimal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:ref:`Files and locations <extension-files-locations>` explains the minimal
```
